dist/README.md, before:

Precompiled versions of TiMultitouch
====================================

In this directory you will find precompiled versions of the TiMultitouch module. The versions are organized in 
subdirectories, one subdirectory for each mobile Titanium SDK version. For example, the directory for Titanium Mobile
1.7.2 is titanium-1.7.2.

License
-------
The project is licensed under the MIT license. You may use it in your commercial application freely. You must retain
the copyright notice in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. You don't have to include the copyright
notice in your application's about screen.

Disclaimer
----------
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update readme about the marketplace version

dist/README.md, after:

Precompiled versions of TiMultitouch
====================================

In this directory you will find precompiled versions of the TiMultitouch module. The versions are organized in 
subdirectories, one subdirectory for each mobile Titanium SDK version. For example, the directory for Titanium Mobile
1.7.2 is titanium-1.7.2. The current version requires a license for the module from the [Appcelerator Marketplace]
(https://marketplace.appcelerator.com/apps/860). If you don't like this, you can simply compile your own version.

License
-------
The project is licensed under the MIT license. You may use it in your commercial application freely. You must retain
the copyright notice in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. You don't have to include the copyright
notice in your application's about screen.

Disclaimer
----------
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
